Added Helsinki-Systems Lexoffice plugin to the store (#296)
kimai/www.kimai.org: _includes/store/helsinkisystems-lexoffice.md

> {% include store/helsinkisystems-lexoffice.md %}

Reviewer: This file must contain the entire product description.

Right now it references itself.

## Description

Lexoffice plugin for Kimai is a plugin that allows you to automatically create invocies in Lexoffice, whenver an invoice in Kimai is created. By using the Lexoffice API (API key is needed) this plugin can create invoice drafts and finalized invoices in Lexoffice, based on your settings. Furthermore, this plugin allows you to customize the title and description of the items in the Lexoffice-invoice. The plugin therefore offers a few replacers you can choose from and that are replaced dynamically when creating the invoice for Lexoffice.

## Installation

This plugin does not need a database table, so there is no installation of the plugin necessary.
To communicate with Lexoffice however, you need to install the Lexoffice-php-sdk composer package:

> ``` composer require helsinki-systems/lexoffice-php-sdk:dev-master ```

Reviewer: Using composer will break the next update of Kimai.
People will pull and don't understand why the update doesn't work. 

You need to add a clear sentence about this expected problem and then link to https://www.kimai.org/documentation/updates.html#changed-files

> For lading the plugin, all you need to do after unzipping the plugin in the /var/plugins/ directory of your kimai installation, is to relaod the cache:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For loading the plugin, all you need to do after unzipping the plugin in the /var/plugins/ directory of your Kimai installation, is to reload the cache:
```

> For loading the plugin, all you need to do after unzipping the plugin in the /var/plugins/ directory of your Kimai installation, is to reload the cache:

Reviewer: Installation instructions are auto-generated. 
Please remove that last sentence.

## Description

Lexoffice plugin for Kimai is a plugin that allows you to automatically create invocies in Lexoffice, whenver an invoice in Kimai is created. By using the Lexoffice API (API key is needed) this plugin can create invoice drafts and finalized invoices in Lexoffice, based on your settings. Furthermore, this plugin allows you to customize the title and description of the items in the Lexoffice-invoice. The plugin therefore offers a few replacers you can choose from and that are replaced dynamically when creating the invoice for Lexoffice.

## Installation

This plugin does not need a database table, so there is no installation of the plugin necessary.
To communicate with Lexoffice however, you need to install the Lexoffice-php-sdk composer package:
``` composer require helsinki-systems/lexoffice-php-sdk:dev-master ```

Note: Using composer will break the next update of Kimai.

> People will pull and don't understand why the update doesn't work.

Reviewer 2: this sentence does not belong here @MariusGoehring please fix

Reviewer 2: On second though please change the paragraph to something like:
```
UPDATE WARNING: As this plugin uses composer it breaks on Kimai Updates.
You will have to rerun the composer installation step after each update. 
See https://www.kimai.org/documentation/updates.html#changed-files for more information
```

> You will have to rerun the composer installation step after each update. 

Reviewer: I think this is still not clear / I doubt that regular users will understand that. 
Maybe you can create `include/composer-update-warning.md` and add something like:

UPDATE WARNING: The next time you update Kimai you will see something like ... (show the merge message that will likely appear) what happens and you have to revert your changes first, then update Kimai and afterwards reinstall the plugin. Please read https://www.kimai.org/documentation/updates.html#changed-files

Then I can re-use this include on the LDAP docu page as well and we can update the shown warning on all related pages.
